INSTALL.md, before:

# Installation instructions

## Windows

Download section offers two packages: an MSI installer and a ZIP archive. To
install Spek, download the MSI installer, double-click it and follow the
instructions.

If you don't want to use the installer, you can download the ZIP archive, unpack
it somewhere on your disk and run `Spek\spek.exe`.

## Mac OS X

Spek for Mac OS X is available in the download section. Download and open the
DMG package, then drag the Spek icon to Applications.

Spek requires OS X 10.5+ and an Intel-based Mac.

## *BSD and GNU/Linux

### Binary packages

 * Arch: [spek](http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=38001) and
   [spek-git](http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=37252)
 * Debian: [spek](http://packages.debian.org/search?keywords=spek)
 * Fedora: [RPMFusion package](https://bugzilla.rpmfusion.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1718)
 * FreeBSD: [audio/spek](http://www.freshports.org/audio/spek/)
 * Gentoo: [media-sound/spek](http://packages.gentoo.org/package/media-sound/spek)
 * Ubuntu: [spek](http://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=spek)

### Building from the tarball

To build Spek, download the source code tarball then run these commands from
terminal:

    tar -xvf spek-0.8.2.tar.xz
    cd spek-0.8.2
    ./configure
    make

To build you will need wxWidgets and FFmpeg packages. On Debian/Ubuntu you also
need development packages: libwxgtk2.8-dev, wx-common, libavcodec-dev and
libavformat-dev.

To start Spek, run:

    src/spek

Or install it with:

    sudo make install

### Building from the git repository

    git clone git://github.com/alexkay/spek.git
    cd spek
    /autogen.sh
    make

Commit message:

implement scaling frequency with debuging, stuck at segfault

INSTALL.md, after:

# Installation instructions

## Windows

Download section offers two packages: an MSI installer and a ZIP archive. To
install Spek, download the MSI installer, double-click it and follow the
instructions.

If you don't want to use the installer, you can download the ZIP archive, unpack
it somewhere on your disk and run `Spek\spek.exe`.

## Mac OS X

Spek for Mac OS X is available in the download section. Download and open the
DMG package, then drag the Spek icon to Applications.

Spek requires OS X 10.5+ and an Intel-based Mac.

## *BSD and GNU/Linux

### Binary packages

 * Arch: [spek](http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=38001) and
   [spek-git](http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=37252)
 * Debian: [spek](http://packages.debian.org/search?keywords=spek)
 * Fedora: [RPMFusion package](https://bugzilla.rpmfusion.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1718)
 * FreeBSD: [audio/spek](http://www.freshports.org/audio/spek/)
 * Gentoo: [media-sound/spek](http://packages.gentoo.org/package/media-sound/spek)
 * Ubuntu: [spek](http://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=spek)

### Building from the tarball

To build Spek, download the source code tarball then run these commands from
terminal:

    tar -xvf spek-0.8.2.tar.xz
    cd spek-0.8.2
    ./configure
    make

To build you will need wxWidgets and FFmpeg packages. On Debian/Ubuntu you also
need development packages: libwxgtk2.8-dev, wx-common, libavcodec-dev and
libavformat-dev. These can be installed with the command:

    sudo apt-get install build-essential autoconf intltool libtool \
    libwxgtk3.0-dev libavformat-dev

The configure script can be generated by running:

    ./autogen.sh

To start Spek, run:

    src/spek

Or install it with:

    sudo make install

### Building from the git repository

    git clone git://github.com/alexkay/spek.git
    cd spek
    /autogen.sh
    make
