#labels Featured
= Unix installation instructions =

== Binary packages ==

Spek is not yet packaged on many distributions, help in this area will be greatly appreciated.

 * *Arch Linux*: Use one of the packages in the AUR: [http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=38001 spek] and [http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=37252 spek-git].
 * *Debian*: RFP (request for packaging): [http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=584524 bug #584524].
 * *Fedora*: [http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6598054/spek-0.4-5.fc13.x86_64.rpm v0.4 x86_64], [http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6598054/spek-0.4-5.fc13.i686.rpm v0.4 i686] and [http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6598054/spek-0.4-5.fc13.src.rpm v0.4 source] (RPMs by scorp6). There's also a review request needing a sponsor: [https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=597888 bug #597888].
 * *FreeBSD*: [http://www.freshports.org/audio/spek/ audio/spek].
 * *Gentoo*: [http://packages.gentoo.org/package/media-sound/spek media-sound/spek].
 * *Ubuntu*: [http://dl.dropbox.com/u/124437/spek_0.4-1_amd64.deb v0.4 amd64] (DEB by mcnellis), [http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1099005/spek_0.4-1_i386.deb v0.4 i386] (DEB by !KoxxBoxx), [http://sharebee.com/f3899f48 v0.5 i386] (DEB by loskutov0) and [http://rapidshare.com/files/418217245/spek.deb.zip v0.6 i386] (DEB by san).

== Ubuntu PPA ==

[https://launchpad.net/~san-plusnet San] created [https://launchpad.net/~san-plusnet/+archive/spek-test1/+packages a PPA] for Ubuntu 10.04 users. It depends on [https://launchpad.net/~siretart/+archive/ppa Reinhard's PPA] for FFmpeg libraries, you will need to add both of them:

{{{
% sudo add-apt-repository ppa:siretart/ppa
% sudo add-apt-repository ppa:san-plusnet/spek-test1
% sudo apt-get update
% sudo apt-get install spek
}}}

== Building from the tarball ==

To build Spek, download the source code tarball then run these commands from terminal:

{{{
% tar -xjvf spek-0.x.tar.bz2
% cd spek-0.x
% ./configure
% make
}}}

To build you will need GTK+ and FFmpeg packages. On Debian/Ubuntu you also need development packages: libgtk2.0-dev, libavcodec-dev and libavformat-dev. For MP3 support you will need FFmpeg compiled with restricted codecs. On Ubuntu you can install ubuntu-restricted-extras. On Debian you can use FFmpeg from [http://debian-multimedia.org/ Debian Multimedia]. On Fedora you need ffmpeg-devel from rpmfusion-free-updates.

Also note that Ubuntu 10.04 and before has a very outdated FFmpeg version, you might need to install it from a third-party [https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+ppas?name_filter=ffmpeg PPA] or [http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=786095 from svn].

To start Spek, run:

{{{
% src/spek
}}}

Or install it with:

{{{
% sudo make install
}}}

== Building from the git repository ==

{{{
% git clone git://gitorious.org/spek/spek.git
% cd spek
% ./autogen.sh
% make
}}}

In addition to the packages listed above, you will need autotools and the Vala compiler (normally packaged as valac).